hello and welcome to the Guru showed
it's me jose eka so this is two videos
of today the first one to talk about is
it seems from the naked eye that
lightning is about to strike twice for
Chelsea Football Club so there has been
a lot of rumors going around to pass
don't two weeks now a bit Romelu Lukaku
and the fact that chassis are willing to
sell him now what do I need by lightning
striking toy so you may have heard of
Astro Curtis doing very very well up at
Liverpool a PT school like 34 goals in
like twenty eight games his name's
Daniel Sturridge and he played for
Chelsea Football Club chassis let him go
for a measly 12 million quid and you
know he's got it to the reporting set
the world I like him anyways you
Stephanie said the Premier League alight
and the report I sit in create the top
of the table with two of the best
Premier League strokers no chassis have
a young boul dreaminess than in their
ranks he's on loan moment ever turned to
it very very well schooled more league
goals that I think all the chassis
strikers and he's something he's 21
years old now 20 21 and it seems that
Chelsea I've learned absolutely nothing
from the whole situation with Sturridge
because it seems that we are now not
only going to keep Fernando Torres a
stroker that will never in my opinion
get back to where he was a few years ago
he has never shown it k and this he
never shown any sign again back to his
best form on a consistent basis he shows
you a glimmer and it disappears and it
is very very scary that in every
position on the football team um we have
young players you know has our oscar
really mattered only 25 years old as
paluch ratings 25 he's like we've
invested in every position we're looking
to the future in every position but a
striker we are persistently trying to
pursue fernando torres like there is a
hope and how he's going to get back to
where he is and the one thing that
worries me the most he's 30 years old he
ain't getting any better and you got a
player like Romelu Lukaku at
20 years old that looks an amazing
prospect that in the right team
world-class players around him will be a
sensational football player now I
understand is a lot of situations and
lot of things to this whole scenario bay
obviously chart is going to make a big
money sign in for a you know right i'm a
fat cow okay my personal pick which
would be diego costa Cavani you know and
we'll Romelu Lukaku at that young age
want to come and sit on the bench I
don't know but what I will say is that
if I had to personally pick I would pick
wrong in ikkaku because I think that he
has the potential to be a world world
world class striker and I think it's
very very scary that were willing to
sell to a Premier League team as well
because what I'm seeing his team's that
a link to him are Spurs and every turn
and it's like you give into one of those
two clubs and in 23 years time he's
smashing in goals it's just you no
matter I understand you gave in to
United they have a lot of player plays
that petition he hasn't really gelled
there okay that's fine they offered a
huge sum of money as well i just don't
like how we haven't learned anything
from Sturridge especially in a time
where you got the fine action or
financial fair play if you get in by
Diego Costa and fingers crossed or
whatever the big story and don't go
too well because of the financial power
players you'll have to sell players to
go buy another big player you know what
you have you got you know you have the
players like Lukaku that I think got a
great future play here at least keep
them at the triplet fight for efficient
and be with me like will be when you
want to sit on the bench you might not
be sat on the bench you never anyway
come in and clear long so costly you
never know you never know CT play with
two strikes nipple play with two
strikers and that's the two clubs that
are challenging video title with us so
it's scary also that I think the does
too scary things that one thing is that
we just don't seem to realize that
Torres we just don't want to give up on
him and in the second one is that it
looks to me like we're going to do to
Daniel Sturridge turning again and it's
like what would happen with this get a
phone with Patrick Bamford it's just
gonna happen with four rooms and it's
like we don't want to give a young
striker a chance and
yeah is that we had learnt and thinking
like you have Sturridge come back to
bite us in the ass i'm pretty sure that
Lukaku will too so the higher-ups at
chassis just let it go a lot of chelsea
fans have let it go I've let it go we
know we're not going to ever see the
best of reuters long I see the Liverpool
fan out towards the chassis we've let
that go now uni today good too because
couldn't hurt in the globe that's my
thoughts and my review will be up at
half past five thanks for watching and
let me know your thoughts staying below
and P so